#{form_for(@form_data, {:method => :post, :class => "form-horizontal", :id => "form-create-bet-set"}) do |f|
    f.input_hidden :group_id
    f.select("Game Type", :game_type, {:size => 1})
    f.submit("Create", {:class => "btn btn-primary"})
end}
<style>
    [class^="bet-description"] {
        display: none;
    }
</style>
<div>
    <div class="bet-description-eliminator">
        <h3>Classic Eliminator</h3>
        <p>Pick one team each week. If they <strong>win</strong> you move on, if they lose you are eliminated. You can only pick each team once per season.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="bet-description-reverse-eliminator">
        <h3>Reverse Eliminator</h3>
        <p>Pick one team each week. If they <strong>lose</strong> you move on, if they win you are eliminated. You can only pick each team once per season.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="bet-description-ats-eliminator">
        <h3>Against The Spread Eliminator</h3>
        <p>Pick one team each week. If, after adjusting for the spread at the time you bet, they <strong>win</strong> then you live to fight another day. You can only pick each team once per season.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="bet-description-reverse-ats-eliminator">
        <h3>Reverse Against The Spread Eliminator</h3>
        <p>Pick one team each week. If, after adjusting for the spread at the time you bet, they <strong>lose</strong> then you live to fight another day. You can only pick each team once per season.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="bet-description-pickem">
        <h3>Pick 'em</h3>
        <p>Pick the winner of each game each week.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="bet-description-reverse-pickem">
        <h3>Reverse Pick 'em</h3>
        <p>Pick the loser of each game each week.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="bet-description-ats-pickem">
        <h3>Against The Spread Pick 'em</h3>
        <p>Pick the winner of each game each week. If, after adjusting for the spread at the time you bet, they still <strong>win</strong> then tally it up.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="bet-description-reverse-ats-pickem">
        <h3>Reverse Against The Spread Pick 'em</h3>
        <p>Pick the loser of each game each week. If, after adjusting for the spread at the time you bet, they still <strong>lose</strong> then tally it up.</p>
    </div>
</div>
<script>
    $(document).ready(function() {
        function show_description(game_type) {
            switch (game_type) {
                default:
                case "0|0|0":
                    $("[class^=bet-description]").hide();
                    $(".bet-description-eliminator").show();
                break;
                case "0|0|1":
                    $("[class^=bet-description]").hide();
                    $(".bet-description-reverse-eliminator").show();
                break;
                case "0|1|0":
                    $("[class^=bet-description]").hide();
                    $(".bet-description-ats-eliminator").show();
                break;
                case "0|1|1":
                    $("[class^=bet-description]").hide();
                    $(".bet-description-reverse-ats-eliminator").show();
                break;
                case "1|0|0":
                    $("[class^=bet-description]").hide();
                    $(".bet-description-pickem").show();
                break;
                case "1|0|1":
                    $("[class^=bet-description]").hide();
                    $(".bet-description-reverse-pickem").show();
                break;
                case "1|1|0":
                    $("[class^=bet-description]").hide();
                    $(".bet-description-ats-pickem").show();
                break;
                case "1|1|1":
                    $("[class^=bet-description]").hide();
                    $(".bet-description-reverse-ats-pickem").show();
                break;
            }
        }
        show_description($("#form_game_type option:selected").val());
        $("#form_game_type").change(function(event) {
            var selected = $(this).find("option:selected");
            show_description(selected.val());
        });
        $("#form-create-bet-set").submit(function(event) {
            event.preventDefault();
            var group_id = $('#form-create-bet-set input[name=group_id]').val();
            var game_type = $('#form-create-bet-set select[name=game_type]').val();
            $.post("/bet_set/create",{group_id: group_id, game_type: game_type},function(response) {
                console.log(response);
                //need to handle errors here...
                $("#bet-set-modal").modal("hide");
                //and do better than just reloading
                window.location.reload();
            });
        });
    });
</script>
